The Gospel according to Matthew (28 chapters)- Matthew talks of Jesus as the Savior of Jewish people and all of mankind.
The Gospel according to Mark (16 chapters)- Mark tells about the actions of Jesus rather than Jesus' teachings.
The Gospel according to Luke (24 chapters)- Luke recounts Jesus' ministry to Theophilus.
The Gospel according to John (21 chapters)- John describes the miracles Jesus performs as proof that the Word of God exists within him.
The Acts of the Apostles (28 chapters)- This book focuses on how Jesus' followers spread the word of him throughout the Earth.
Paul's Letter to the Romans (16 chapters)- Paul visits Rome to share his understanding of Christianity.
Paul's First Letter to the Corinthians (16 chapters)- The letter deals with issues in the church of a Christian faith.
Paul's Second Letter to the Corinthians (13 chapters)- The letter discusses the attacks against Paul.
Paul's Letter to the Galatians (6 chapters)- Paul discusses with Galatian churches the need to follow God, and not the Laws of Moses.
Paul's Letter to the Ephesians (5 chapters)- Apostle Paul shares a message of unity through Jesus Christ.
Paul's Letter to the Philippians (4 chapters)- Paul thanks the Philippians in his time of need.
Paul's Letter to the Colossians (4 chapters)- Paul's letter addresses the false teachings at the Colossae church.
Paul's First Letter to the Thessalonians (5 chapters)- Paul assures the Christians and answers their questions.
Paul's Second Letter to the Thessalonians (3 chapters)- Paul speaks again to the Thessalonica church.
Paul's First Letter to Timothy (6 chapters)- Paul takes Timothy as his assistant for spreading the word.
Paul's Second Letter to Timothy (4 chapters)- Paul's letter offers advice to Timothy.
Paul's Letter to Titus (3 chapters)- Paul's letter gives advice to his assistant in Crete.
Paul's Letter to Philemon (1 chapters)- Paul's recount of his interaction with Onesimus while in prison.
The Letter to the Hebrews (13 chapters)- A letter written to address a group of Christians who were losing their faith.
The letter from James (5 chapters)- The letter offers instructions for how to be Christian.
The First Letter from Peter (5 chapters)- The letter addresses the Christians who were being ostracized for their faith.
The Second Letter from Peter (3 chapters)- The letter offers advice on how to deal with false prophets and teachings.
The First Letter of John (5 chapters)- John attempts to encourage Christianity and warn against those who disrupt the teachings.
The Second Letter of John (1 chapters)- The letter enforces a love for each other.
The Third Letter of John (1 chapters)- The letter praises Gaius and warns him about Diotrephes.
The Letter from Jude (1 chapters)- The letter recommending fighting for the gift of Christianity that was bestowed to the people.
The Revelation to John (22 chapters)- The letter encourages faithfulness of Christianity during difficult times.
